\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@setfilename tensor.info
@settitle TENSOR extensions to the GNU Scientific Library
@finalout

@dircategory Scientific software
@direntry
* tensor: (tensor).                   TENSOR extensions to GSL
@end direntry

@c define our special TeX math macros
@include mathinclude.texi
@include version-ref.texi

@iftex
@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2004 Jordi Burguet-Castell.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
Free Documentation License".
@end copying
@end iftex

@titlepage
@title TENSOR
@subtitle Extensions to the GNU Scientific Library
@subtitle Version @value{VERSION}
@subtitle @value{UPDATED}

@author Jordi Burguet-Castell
Network Theory Limited
@comment @email{burget@@cern.ch}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)
@top TENSOR

This file documents TENSOR, a data type to represent tensors and a
collection of functions to do basic manipulations with them. It is
intended to be used as an extension of the GNU Scientific Library
(GSL).

Information about GSL can be found at the project homepage,
@uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/gsl/}.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::                
* Functions::                   
* Examples::                    
* References and Further Reading::  
* GNU Free Documentation License::  
* Function Index::              
* Variable Index::              
* Type Index::                  
* Concept Index::               
@end menu

@node  Introduction, Functions, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

A tensor is a data structure which generalizes vectors and (square)
matrices. A tensor of rank r and dimension d is a ``r-hipercube'' with
d elements in each row (and column, etc).

The header file is @file{tensor.h}.

@node Functions, Examples, Introduction, Top
@chapter Functions

Allocation

@deftypefun tensor* tensor_alloc (const unsigned int @var{rank}, const size_t @var{dimension})
this functions allocates memory for a tensor of rank @var{rank} and
dimension @var{dimension}, and returns a pointer to its position in memory.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun tensor* tensor_calloc (const unsigned int @var{rank}, const size_t @var{dimension})
this functions allocates memory for a tensor and sets all its elements
to 0
@end deftypefun

@node Examples, References and Further Reading, Functions, Top
@chapter Examples

example program goes here

@example
#include <...>

int main (void) 
@{
...
@}
@end example

@node References and Further Reading, GNU Free Documentation License, Examples, Top
@chapter References and Further Reading

Any references

@node GNU Free Documentation License, Function Index, References and Further Reading, Top
@unnumbered GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texi

@node Function Index, Variable Index, GNU Free Documentation License, Top
@unnumbered Function Index

@printindex fn

@node Variable Index, Type Index, Function Index, Top
@unnumbered Variable Index

@printindex vr

@node Type Index, Concept Index, Variable Index, Top
@unnumbered Type Index

@printindex tp

@node Concept Index,  , Type Index, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index

@printindex cp
@bye
